Preview add osg school (#266)
path-cc/path-cc.github.io: _events/OSG-User-School-2022.md

---
short_title: OSG User School 2022 
title: "OSG User School 2022, July 25-29"
layout: events
published: true

excerpt: |
    The OSG User School 2022 be held from Monday 25 July to Friday 29 July 2022
    
    Registration is now open for the OSG User School 2022 to be held July 25-29 in person at the University of Wisconsin-Madison campus.
start_date: 2022-07-25
end_date: 2022-07-29
location: "University of Wisconsin-Madison"
link: "https://opensciencegrid.org/user-school-2022/#applications"
image: "/images/Madison_Skyline.jpg"
header_image: "/images/Madison_Skyline.jpg"
---

{% capture main %}

<p style="font-size: larger; font-weight: bold;">Applications for the OSG User School 2022 are now open!</p>

> Applications are now **open** for the OSG User School 2022! The School will occur on July 25–29, where you will learn to use high-throughput computing (HTC) systems to run large-scale computing applications at your campus or using the national-scale OSG.

Author: Easy mistake that I also made before told otherwise. The OSG operates the OSPool which you can run jobs on, but you cannot run jobs on the OSG which I like to think of as a group of people. 

```suggestion
Applications are now **open** for the OSG User School 2022! The School will occur on July 25–29, where you will learn to use high-throughput computing (HTC) systems to run large-scale computing applications at your campus or on the OSPool.
```
